802.15.4: Add 15.4 Stack Readme (#4022)
tock/tock: capsules/extra/src/ieee802154/README.md

IEEE 802.15.4 Stack
===================

Tock supports two different implementations of an IEEE 802.15.4 stack in the
kernel. The first version implements packet framing and a MAC layer, virtualizes

> the 15.4 interface, and provides a userspace interface. The second version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the 15.4 interface, and provides a multi-programmable userspace interface. The second version
```

provides a much more raw version and only provides userspace with direct access

> to the 15.4 radio.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be worthwhile to include a comment mentioning how the two stacks are mutually exclusive.

Reviewer: I think "different" does the job here. It's also conceivable a board would have both (e.g. if there are two different radios).

> provides a much more raw version and only provides userspace with direct access
> to the 15.4 radio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides userspace with the ability to send/receive raw 802.15.4 frames as well as directly control the radio, and is appropriate for access by one process at a time.
```
